Add docs about zones (#67)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/security-controls/zones.md

There are several methods how to achieve it:
* ZoneID should be stored in database and precedes encrypted data in result rows
* ZoneID specified explicitly in SQL query as literal (according to database binary literals) in `SELECT` statement before encrypted column
* ZoneID specified explicitly in SQL query as literal (according to database binary literals) in `SELECT` statement before explicitly specified encrypted data as SQL literal

#### Method 1

Let's look how it works on first method on simple example when application stores ZoneID and encrypted data in database table. 
For PostgreSQL will look like:
```
CREATE TABLE application_data (
 id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
 zone_id BYTEA,
 data BYTEA
);
INSERT INTO application_data (zone_id, data) VALUES ('DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh'::BYTEA, '\x2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103'::BYTEA);

> ```

Reviewer: <sup>Why you don't like column formatting and ample whitespace? They *do* make code easier to read.</sup>

For MySQL will look like:
```
CREATE TABLE application_data (
 id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
 zone_id BLOB,
 data BLOB
);
INSERT INTO application_data (zone_id, data) VALUES ('DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh', X'2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103');
```
Here we created table where ZoneID will be stored in `zone_id` and this column precedes the `data` column where stored encrypted data. So if we query `SELECT * FROM application_data` 
it will be expanded by database to `SELECT "application_data"."id", "application_data"."zone_id", "application_data"."data"` and result rows will contain ZoneID before encrypted data.

> In our example result from PostgreSQL will be:

Author: okay, will change. what about quoting. it works similar for postgresql and MySQL, it's ansi standard. but okay, removed them.

> In our example result from PostgreSQL will be:

Reviewer: > what about quoting. it works similar for postgresql and MySQL, it's ansi standard

It is, but with MySQL you need to explicitly set `ANSI_QUOTES` mode for it to accept ANSI quotes instead of their default choice of backticks.

```
1 \x44444444444444446a4b6a454374635242446b6d48564268 \x2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103 
```

From MySQL:
```
1 0x44444444444444446A4B6A454374635242446B6D48564268 0x2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103 

> ```

Reviewer: I think this suggestion slipped through the cracks.

AcraServer will process row by row, column by column. At first, it will try to match ZoneID until success.
1. Try match `1`. It will fail because of invalid ZoneID begin tag `DDDDDDDD`.
2. Try match `DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh` and if finds keys related with this ZoneID then it will remember until finish process row data. After that starts to match AcraStruct or AcraBlock signatures.

> 3. Try match `\x222222222222222255454332....` and recognize AcraStruct signature. After that loads Zone's private key and tries to decrypt AcraStructs. On success AcraServer will replace AcraStruct with decrypted data.

Author: applied manually together with other changes to avoid extra manual merges

#### Method 2

At this case application will not store ZoneID in database and store it locally or get it from user's input. Our table in database will be changed.

> For PostgreSQL:

Author: applied manually, because "It is also possible to not **store** ZoneID in the database" I think

```
CREATE TABLE application_data (
 id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
 data BYTEA
);
INSERT INTO application_data (data) VALUES ('\x2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103'::BYTEA);
```

For MySQL:
```
CREATE TABLE application_data (
 id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
 data BLOB
);
INSERT INTO application_data (data) VALUES (X'2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103');
```

> Now application should explicitly specify ZoneID in SQl query (works for MySQL and PostgreSQL): `SELECT "application_data"."id", 'DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh', "application_data"."data" FROM "application_data";`
> Here we placed ZoneID as string literal before encrypted column `data` and ZoneID value will be returned by database before encrypted data. So result rows will look similar as in example of [method 1](#method-1):

Reviewer: Same things as in the previous section:
```suggestion
However, AcraServer still needs to know the ZoneID to decrypt the data.
Instead of querying it from the database, the application specifies ZoneID directly in the query as a literal:

    SELECT id, 'DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh', data FROM application_data

Here we placed ZoneID as a string literal before the encrypted column `data`. ZoneID value will be returned by the database before encrypted data in the result rows:
```

Author: changed

Reviewer: And this suggestion got lost too.

```
1 DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh \x2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103 

> ```

Reviewer: After this will be nice to put the same explanation as for the method 1. Or rather, just refer to it.

```markdown
Just like with the previous method, AcraServer will match the ZoneID in response and use it to decrypt AcraStruct data that follows in the next column.
```

Author: added

Query for PostgreSQL: 
```
SELECT 1, 
       'DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh', 
       '\x2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103'::BYTEA;
```

Query for MySQL: 
```
SELECT 1, 
       'DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh', 
       X'2222222222222222554543320000002d116bab650305cf67209623ed3a134fd77bfecd0c9a95107450826e14f950fdd1dba73732872027042654000000000101400c00000010000000200000003f5fd06dbf8bf49be6a8b440ea54f01174934049fd563ce27ff0aafbe5ea9155588e1ddd0ce64804fe5ff347ae097e29dd007fcaa02a3548da568df83300000000000000000101400c00000010000000070000002273af944d98bcde697b914d98fea013b77a358a93959ddfee47858b75d2e86eb5f103';
```
Here we explicitly specify ZoneID as `DDDDDDDDjKjECtcRBDkmHVBh` and explicitly specify AcraStruct value as HEX literal. 

> So, database will return data as is and result rows will look similar to previous examples:

Author: okay, agree)

## How Zones work

> When analysing the database output stream, AcraServer searches for certain strings called Zone Ids (also ZoneId and zoneid/zone_id in code). They let Acra know that within this record a private key corresponding to the Zone Id should be used for the actual decryption of AcraStructs. It will only work if the user explicitly formats the output for Zone Id to precede the AcraStruct.

Reviewer: I believe this has been discussed in the preceding sections so this one can be removed.

Author: agree

### More information about Zones

> * [Tuning Acra]({{< ref "/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimisations/#zones-INVALID" >}}): How Zones affect certain tuning strategies for increased performance / security.
> * [Using Zones on client]({{< ref "/acra/guides/advanced-integrations/client-side-integration-with-acra-connector.md#client-side-with-zones" >}}): A practical How-To use AcraWriter with Zones on application side.

Reviewer: I'd treat “how-to” as a noun.
```suggestion
* [Tuning Acra]({{< ref "/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimisations/#zones-INVALID" >}}): How Zones affect certain tuning strategies for increased performance and security.
* [Using Zones on client]({{< ref "/acra/guides/advanced-integrations/client-side-integration-with-acra-connector.md#client-side-with-zones" >}}): A practical How-To on using AcraWriter with Zones on application side.
```
